now an Israeli air strike has hit a
house in the fua area of the jabalia
refugee camp in Northern Gaza at least
60 people were killed most were women
and children anas Sharif has been at the
scene this house which is owned by the
Abu Elba family was directly targeted by
an occupation aircraft without any prior
warning even though it was
inhabited destruction caused by the air
strike was massive you can see how
adjacent houses were also affected by
the air
strike we are inside the house of the
Abu Elba family which was struck by
enemy aircraft last night there were
many civilians including women and
children inside the house and you can
see here the large number of family
members who were killed as a result of
the air strike these people were
refugees and you can see the dead
children on the
floor
these are the ones they call terrorists
right they are no targets civilians are
the only
targets we were sleeping soundly
suddenly we heard something fall on top
of our heads without warning we were
sleeping soundly all of us 22 men and 83
women inside the house we were arrested
in safawi last Friday the women were
told to move to jabalia while the men
were taken to zikim they then brought us
here in our underwear and let us out of
their trucks at the SAA roundabout and
told us to go to jabalia we came here to
jabalia it was they who told us to come
here this is my brother and his son this
is my sister and her son their entire
family my mother and father they're all
here my cousins there were three
families
here look at this look at this this is a
child he had nothing to do with any
organizations this is ibraim may God
have mercy on his
soul we are now trying to move to other
parts of the house there are large
numbers of dead everywhere in the house
and we will try to reach them even
though the area is quite treacherous we
can see here the foot of one of the dead
he was torn to pieces and it's
impossible to pull him out we also have
a large number of dead on this floor
they're everywhere there are dead on
every floor nobody survived the massacre
nobody in the house survived the strike
that was carried out by the occupation
aircraft we will still have large
numbers of civils here under the
rebel